Open question:

Rafael: Okay Ruby, tell me about any difficulties you encountered when you were planning for your degree.

Ruby: For my honours programme I have to do so many courses at level three which has meant that for some of my general electives that aren’t relating to my major. I want to do more courses that are at level two, but unfortunately I have to account for the credits I have to fulfil in order to get my honours mark. I have to do so many certain ones at level three where else I think some of them at level two would actually benefit me more so I’ve been trying to be very discerning in how I actually choose and do my course planning. For the small amount of level two courses I can take and the large amount of level three ones I have to take when it comes to these general electives. 

Rafael: So, would you say that the course planner for your degree lacks a certain nuance as to how it should actually work?

Ruby: I don’t know if I would say that because I understand that there are certain level three requirements that need to be fulfilled, but maybe there should be more structure when it comes to the general electives within the programme, and how one might structure that if they wanted to focus more on economics and philosophy or politics as opposed to their major.

Rafael: Would you say that you’ve had any difficulties with course requirements in particular?

Ruby: No.

Rafael: Not at all?

Ruby: No.

Rafael: Okay, thank you for your time.

Ruby: No worries.


Closed question:

Rafael: Okay Liam, when you were applying for your degree, did you find the process to be more difficult than you imagined?

Liam: Well I’m going to be completely honest Raf, I did. I switched to my bachelor of science quite literally this semester and wanted to do an extended psychology course and there was a lot of confusion over which science courses I should do. In comparison to what I've done in high school and then what order I should do them so not gonna lie that did have me a little but my law not so much. 

Rafael: Did you have a problem with the course plan that they provided?

Liam: That’s a question.

Rafael: Did you know it existed?

Liam: No. I needed one for my other degree, but when I switched I didn’t realise they would give me another plan.

Rafael: Yeah, okay yeah no that’s okay thank you. Is there anything else you’d like to add specifically maybe? Was it a more annoying process or like a difficult process? How do you think it could be better?

Liam: Well for starters showing that course planner more clear. I think that would be helpful but I’m not sure if it could be better.

Rafael: Okay thank you.